# Better-World
 This is BWE, a website by ABCDev of Madison Academic High School.  We based this website on Better World Enterprises, a real estate company located in Jackson Tennessee. Our mission was to incorporate simplicity in a professional way through our design. Part of achieving this goal required us to put ourselves into the shoes of a typical customer to Better World Enterprises. Doing so led us to create the ultimate UX design for anybody accessing our website. We believe part of our success was achieved from the diversity in our team. Our manager Brady Larkins is a hard but smart worker. With him leading us, we had easy communication with our client, and had the structure of our website complete. Andrew collier is a mastermind in code. With his help, we incorporated Iframes with ease. Caleb Santhosh has an expertise in design, and we used to his skills to incorporate professional visuals into our product. Our team came in and came to win, so we were sure to make additions to our website that would help us stand out from the crowd. We made multiple custom logos for our client, we created custom visuals and photos to display our properties, we developed a new color palett to represent Better World Enterprises. This was all complete with the use of Adobe Express and Microsoft's paint 3d.  We knew that none of these tasks were required for our project, but we did it anyways because we came to win!. The experiences of figuring things out after a lot of trouble shooting, masterfully creating a beautiful website, and having to learn different languages to incorporate features made us thoroughly enjoy code. 
